Add spec for AlwaysRecord sampler (#4699)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/sdk.md

[jaeger-remote-sampling-api]: https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.41/architecture/apis/#remote-sampling-configuration-stable
[jaeger-adaptive-sampling]: https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.41/architecture/sampling/#adaptive-sampling

#### AlwaysRecord

**Status**: [Development](../document-status.md)

> This is a sampler decorator. `AlwaysRecord` helps to have spans between

Reviewer: > helps to have spans between
> always be processed

What does this phrase mean?

Reviewer 2: maybe this helps
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/4699/files#r2538988684

> This is a sampler decorator. `AlwaysRecord` helps to have spans between

Author: Fixed, thanks for the callout!

> be processed by `SpanProcessor`s. It returns the following given a sampled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be processed by `SpanProcessor`s. It returns the following given a sampling decision
```

Change "sampled flag" -> "sampling decision" to be more precise and correct,

> be processed by `SpanProcessor`s. It returns the following given a sampled

Reviewer: Nit: maybe also mention this is to enable accurate Span2Metrics processors?

flag from the root sampler:

* Root sampler returns `DROP` -> AlwaysRecord returns `RECORD_ONLY`
* Root sampler returns `RECORD_ONLY` -> AlwaysRecord returns `RECORD_ONLY`
* Root sampler returns `RECORD_AND_SAMPLE` -> AlwaysRecord returns `RECORD_AND_SAMPLE`

Required parameters:

> * `root(Sampler)` - A delegate sampler called to determine whether a span

Reviewer: nit suggestion:
The sampler being wrapped; it provides the original sample/drop decision that AlwaysRecord modifies.

- Other root spans are sampled at 10%
- Child spans follow their parent's sampling decision

> #### AlwaysRecord

Reviewer 3: #nit: I think we should put this above the `CompositeSampler` to avoid it being confused as a Built-In ComposableSampler.

Sampling SIG: does it make sense to add a Built-In ComposableSampler variation of this?

Reviewer 4: Ping @majanjua-amzn 

(also we need a CHANGELOG entry)

Reviewer 2: > does it make sense to add a Built-In ComposableSampler variation of this?

I considered that. It seems a low priority to me, but it could be sensible and easy to add later if someone really things up a use. I suspect for the most part, this will be useful as a non-composable sampler, which could delegate to the composite sampler to combine with composable sampler logic.
